
Rule of Rest:
Stick to a sleep schedule, and always wake up on time.
Once you get out of bed, just don't get back in.
A good day starts the night before.
Don't be afraid of a new day - it brings opportunity to start anew.
Don't dwell on lost opportunities - there is always more time for things that you prioritize.

%

Rule of Fitness:
Exercise and stretch. Even minimal physical activity will have a profound effect.
Move your blood, push your muscles, get your heartrate up and sweat.
The mind is the body - train the body to train the mind.

%

Rule of Proactivity:
Accomplish your intentions as early as possible. 
Simply act.
You never know what will come up later and prevent you from achieving your goals.
Motivation and passion will follow if you take action.

%

Rule of Courage:
Define fears, and let them pass.
When you feel resistance, ask yourself: What am I afraid of?
Recite the litany: Fear is the mind-killer.

%

Rule of Moderation:
Consume in moderation, and do not binge.
Ask yourself: Why am I in such a hurry to do this all at once?

%

Rule of Cleanliness:
Maintain a clean environment and body.
Shower early, get dressed, keep things in order.
Disorder hinders productivity and inhibits emotional health.
Always be show-worthy and presentable.

%

Rule of Self-Awareness:
Write often. Meditate. Introspect.
Keep yourself in check, and stay self-aware.
Use notebooks and other tools to check in.
Always remind yourself of your goals and motivations.

%

Rule of Nutrition:
Cook good food -- eat meat and vegetables.
Minimize alcohol, sugar, and grains.
Take joy in providing yourself and your loved ones with healthy, cost-effective meals.

%

Rule of Creativity:
Create things instead of always consuming.
Don't just curate, construct, or remix - find an outlet for genuine creativity.

%

Rule of Acceptance:
Don't regret the past - change the present.
Move forward.
Stay focused on what you can do now to improve the future, and create a new history of action, initiative, and growth.

%

Rule of Independence:
Be independent. Have agency.
Be interesting, valuable, and worthwhile.
Don't be a victim of other people's agendas.
Make your own agenda.

%

Rule of Focus:
Avoid multitasking.
Be deliberately engaged in what you do.
If something isn't worth your full attention, it isn't worth your time.

%

Rule of Selectivity:
Deliberately choose what and whom you engage with.
Develop and maintain good taste in all things.
Be discriminatory, make a ruthless break when you need to.

%

Rule of Curiosity:
Ask questions, and stay curious.
Make notes, pay attention, and keep learning.
Chase after things that spark your interest.

%

Rule of Sacrifice:
You cannot have everything - you must trade one thing for something else of greater value.
Always know what sacrifices you are making, and don't regret them.
Make sacrifices today to reap benefits in the future.

%

Rule of Resilience:
Actively train your body and your mind to be resilient to pain and discomfort, and to endure hardship.
Train when you feel weak, and you will develop greater resilience.
Don't take the easy way out - you will not be proud of that decision.

%

Rule of Planning:
Deliberately lay out a plan of action, and stand by it.
If you do not define your intentions, you will forget them and de-prioritize them.
Live by your plans.

%

Rule of Grounding:
Don't get lost in the meta level.
